[shopsys] separated backend API from default project-base (#1155)
shopsys/shopsys: docs/backend-api/backend-api-installation.md

# Backend API Installation

Require `shopsys/backend-api` package in the `composer.json` or run

```bash

> composer require shopsys/backend-api ^8.0

Reviewer: hmm this is new notation. Till now we always use exact version like `composer require shopsys/backend-api:7.2.2`. But i like you solution more. But for consistency reasons.....

Reviewer: hmm i see why in composer.patch is no shopsys/backend-api...but still it is reversed

Author: I found only one occurence of `composer require` in our documentation and it is

> you can do this by `composer require helios-ag/fm-elfinder-bundle:^9.2 --update-with-dependencies

with the caret ("roof") annotation...

So what should be there?

Reviewer: in README.md of backed api is just `composer require shopsys/backend-api`

Author: changed to `composer require shopsys/backend-api`

```

Backend API integration is fully automated, so you have to run only (you have to be in the project root directory)

```bash

> bash vendor/shopsys/backend-api/integration/integrate.sh

Reviewer: what about disintegrate?

Author: I assume programmers will do only the integration. If they need revert their work, they have `git checkout -- ...`

```

If it was successful, you'll see `Backend API integration was successful!`

*Now you can continue with creating [OAuth client](/docs/backend-api/api-authentication-oauth2.md)*

## Troubleshooting

> The automated integration is based on copying file from `vendor/shopssy/backend-api/integration` directory on applying patches.

Reviewer: copying file|files|folders ?

> The automated integration is based on copying file from `vendor/shopssy/backend-api/integration` directory on applying patches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The automated integration is based on copying the code from `vendor/shopsys/backend-api/integration` directory on applying patches.
```

Copying files can cause problems only if you already had a file with the same name in the same directory.

> In such case please rename your files and run the integration again.

Reviewer: hmmm. but OK

# Backend API Installation

Require `shopsys/backend-api` package in the `composer.json` or run

```bash
composer require shopsys/backend-api
```

Backend API installation is fully automated, so you have to run only (you have to be in the project root directory)

```bash

> bash vendor/shopsys/backend-api/install/install.sh

Author: It's not necessary, I used the `./path` version

```

If it was successful, you'll see `Backend API installation was successful!`

The last step is to update your composer because the `install.sh` added a composer dependency

```bash
composer update
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Should be running in docker considered in this guide? Because to me, it was all clear as I run it natively, but when you running in docker, you need to perform these steps inside of a container. 
I'm not really sure how we should document this type of things.

Reviewer 2: And what about db migrations? I need to run them, but neither here, end neither in following article is no information about it

# Backend API Installation

> *Please follow these instructions with clean `git status`. If the installation fails, you can easily revert all changes and start again.*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Please follow these instructions with clean git working tree (you can verify with `git status`). If the installation fails, you can easily revert all changes and start again.*
```

*If you installed the Shopsys Framework with docker please run all commands in the `php-fpm` docker container*

Require `shopsys/backend-api` package in the `composer.json` or run

```bash

> composer require shopsys/backend-api

Reviewer 3: This will not work until we release `v8.0.0`. Composer will fail:
```
  [InvalidArgumentException]                                                                                           
  Could not find a version of package shopsys/backend-api matching your minimum-stability (stable).
  Require it with an explicit version constraint allowing its desired stability.   
```
I am OK with this behavior as the error message is pretty explanatory and issues like this can be handled easily. Compatibility with the user's current version will be handled by Composer as `shopsys/backend-api` is dependent on `shopsys/framework` in a particular version (or version range).

```

Backend API installation is fully automated, so you have to run only (you have to be in the project root directory)

```bash

> ./vendor/shopsys/backend-api/install/install.sh

Reviewer 3: It would be nice to register the script as [a Composer vendor binary](https://getcomposer.org/doc/articles/vendor-binaries.md) for easier and more standard usage, but that's just a nice-to-have.

```

If it was successful, you'll see `Backend API installation was successful!`

Update your composer because the `install.sh` added a composer dependency

```bash
composer update trikoder/oauth2-bundle
```

Run database migrations

```bash
php phing db-migrations
```

*Now you can continue with creating [OAuth client](/docs/backend-api/api-authentication-oauth2.md)*

## Troubleshooting

The automated installation is based on copying the code from `vendor/shopsys/backend-api/install` directory and on applying patches.

### Copies

Copying files can cause problems only if you already had a file with the same name in the same directory.
In such case please rename your files and run the installation again.

### Patches

Patching files can fail. It can happen if you changed something in your project and these changes are incompatible with the patch.

The installation script tries to apply patches for all involved files and applies as much as possible.
In other words the installation script doesn't stop on the first patch error.

In case of error you'll see error messages like `Patch for app/AppKernel.php cannot be applied!`.

> In such case please take a look into [install directory](https://github.com/shopsys/backend-api/install), and apply all patches manually.

Reviewer 3: The link is broken (and will be even after merge and split).

Either change it to `/packages/backend-api/install/` (which is preferred as it will point out to the directory in current version of the docs) or `https://github.com/shopsys/backend-api/tree/master/install` (which will not work until the `master` will start handing `v8.0.0-dev` after `v7.3.0` release)
